what's up people bring you guys in our
video so yeah I was watching one of he
lies setbacks videos about Manny
Pacquiao of course as you guys can tell
by title and Mikey Garcia and the
chances of that fight happening sometime
later this year or 2015 I don't think it
will happen later this year but I gotta
say this man I fight between Manny
Pacquiao and Mikey Garcia is very
possible in 2015 it's very possible that
this could be the very last fight of
Manny Pacquiao and his entire career
because I think 2015 will be his last
year in professional boxing and Mikey
Garcia being a top ranked fighter and
he's moving up in weight pretty soon
because judging from what Alex and
reason said and Robert Garcia said of in
that video
they said that Mikey Garcia has no long
like he's having a hard time making 130
pounds so it looks like the fight
against Juan Carlos Burgos will be his
last fight at 130 pounds and he will
move up in weight to 135 pounds pretty
soon and this is just January this is
just January so for his next fight which
will probably take place sometime in
March or April and it will most likely
be against URI OCA's Gamboa at 135
pounds so he's definitely moving up in
weight I think I think he'll move up in
weight definitely after the Burgos fight
fight fight he will fight at 135 pounds
twice this year this year 2014 and maybe
fight at 140 pounds by the end of this
year I think you'll have a very busy
year or maybe of early next year early
2015 fight that 140 pounds and then
maybe fight one more time at 140 pounds
and then move up and weight to 147 and
fight Pacquiao later like late late 2015
think that's how it will go I think I
think they will fight one day if they
keep winning well maybe if Mikey Garcia
keeps winning he will definitely fight
Pacquiao but if Mike if Pacquiao keeps
is like if you lose this or like gets
knocked out again then maybe he might
consider retiring actually this time but
who knows man I think there's a really
good chance a really high chance that we
will actually see this fight in 2015 and
this is a pretty good fight by the way
in my opinion I think it's a very good
fight and it's definitely a fight that I
am really looking forward to one day
hopefully in the future and who knows
man Mikey Garcia and Pacquiao and
Pacquiao knowing he's aged already and
by 2015 who knows what will happen but
it's definitely a fight that I think
will happen and it's a fight that I will
definitely buy and watch and I'm looking
forward to the future let me know your
thoughts in the comment section below
what do you guys think about this fight
do you guys want to see this fight do
you guys think it's a stupid fight -
guessing it's a BS fight and Robert
Garcia man he's these fighters are
fighting Pacquiao man all Robert Garces
fighter will be fighting Pacquiao in the
future it's all about Robert Garcia and
Freddie Roach when it comes to top
ranked fights but who knows maybe we'll
see let me know your thoughts in the
comment section below so guys say thanks
for watching and like always sub great
day
alright thanks